Skip to main content
GOV.UK
Help to Grow 
Starting a business Finance and funding Selling overseas Skills and mentoring HR and people
Home
Selling overseas
There is a huge demand for UK goods and services across the globe. We can help you find new opportunities, get country-specific advice, access specialist exporting training and much more.

Whether you’re new to exporting or experience, the Government offers advice and support to businesses of all sizes.

Export support for businesses
The Department for Business and Trade can help your business find new opportunities, get country-specific advice, access specialist exporting training and much more.

Learn how to export and build your knowledge
Join thousands of businesses benefitting from the UK Export Academy, a free online and face-to-face learning programme which can increase your confidence and knowledge of selling overseas.

 great.gov.uk/export-academy

Research new markets
Explore different markets including opportunities across various sectors and information about preparing to export to specific countries.

 great.gov.uk/markets

Selling online
Grow your business internationally through digital and e-commerce by accessing the Digital Exporting Programme, whatever your size, and whether you are new to exporting online or already doing it.

 great.gov.uk

Find export events
Find export events relevant for you on different topics, including webinars, trade missions and trade shows around the world.

 events.great.gov.uk

Report an exporting issue
Facing difficulties selling abroad? Report any issues to the UK Government for potential assistance. You can also speak to the Export Support Team at the UK Government’s Department for Business and Trade.

 great.gov.uk

Explore trade finance
UK Export Finance (UKEF) is the UK’s export credit agency and part of the UK government. It can help you win export contracts, fulfil orders, and get paid by offering insurance against buyer default.

 ukexportfinance.gov.uk

Get export support from great.gov.uk
Access expert guidance, tools, and services to help grow your business internationally. Whether you need advice or have specific questions, our export support team is here to help.

Visit great.gov.uk and learn how the UK Government can help you sell your products and services globally.

Top tips from companies selling overseas
These businesses share their own experience of growing through international sales and offer advice to others.


I increased my sales by learning how to do business abroad
Free training from the UK Export Academy programme helped a language and translations company to increase their knowledge of exporting results in more sales.

CEO Julianne Ponan MBE holding Magibles
Trade advisors helped us to find new stockists in Switzerland
A small business owner shares valuable advice and tips on selling to customers in new markets, pursuing opportunities and being aware of the challenges along the way.

Company Founder Dr Craig Rose
I used a start up loan to sell in new international markets
Learn how a Start Up Loan enabled a seaweed business to reach international markets and discover how this approach could benefit you.

Hear from more businesses

Footer menu
Cookie Settings Cookie Details Privacy Notice Accessibility statement
 All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated
© Crown copyright