Skip to main content
GOV.UK
Help to Grow 
Starting a business Finance and funding Selling overseas Skills and mentoring HR and people
Home
Starting a business
There are over 5.5m businesses in the UK. If you’re ready to join them, we can help. Check what you need to do to set up your business and how to get help from government-backed schemes.

1. Register your business
Follow our guidance and set up your business. This includes:

Rules for your type of business
Responsibilities hiring freelance or agency support
2. Write a business plan
Get detailed information on how to write your business plan
Download free business plan templates.
3. Get help with tax
If you’re starting a business, you’ll need to understand what tax you may have to pay. Check out the guidance, which covers some helpful topics below:

Hiring an accountant or tax adviser
Check tax code guidance
4. Check your finance options
Explore funding and finance options for your business to find what suits your needs. For example, you could be eligible for a government backed Start Up Loan.

Employing people
If you’re looking to employ people for the first time or looking to employ more people, there’s several things you’ll need to consider. Find out more about the support available.
Free resources and network to start or develop your business
The British Library’s Business and IP Centre network supports small business owners, entrepreneurs and inventors to take the right steps to start up, protect and grow their business. The National Network is delivered through regional and local libraries around Britain, offering insights and access to free resources, training and events to help you imagine, start or develop your business.

Help and advice
Wherever you are in the UK, you can contact a team of experienced business advisors who assist you with starting, running or growing your business. Contact the Business Support Service and speak to someone over the phone or online.
Find out how your local Growth Hub can help you with advice and support at any stage of your business journey.
Footer menu
Cookie Settings Cookie Details Privacy Notice Accessibility statement
 All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated
© Crown copyright